Lesson restructure (#24)
modular/max-llm-book: book/src/step_06.md

</details>

> **Next**: In [Step 07](./step_07.md), you'll stack 12 transformer blocks together to create the complete GPT-2 model architecture.

Reviewer: I don’t think it’s the complete model until the head is added.
```suggestion
**Next**: In [Step 07](./step_07.md), you'll stack 12 transformer blocks together to create the main body of the GPT-2 model.
```
